<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
  <title>// + CDATA + JS</title>
  <style type="text/css">
    em { font-weight: bold; font-style: italic; }
  </style>
</head><body>

<h2>Why not to wrap JavaScript in //&lt;![CDATA[ … // ]]&gt;</h2>
<p>In XML, you can safely include JS code by wrapping it in a CDATA section.</p>
<p>If you're used to HTML and there to wrap JS in a <code>&lt;-- comment
--&gt;</code>, and to mark the HTML comment marks as JS line comments by
prefixing <code>//</code>, you might feel inclined to "comment-out" the
CDATA marks as well.</p>

<p>There's no need to. They are XML markup. They are not part of the text
inside your tag, as this demo shows:</p>

<pre>Loading JS…</pre>
<script type="text/javascript" language="javascript">
var pre, text = String(function () {
  //<![CDATA[ /*start of js*/
  re]]>tu<![CDATA[rn '</script><script class="evil">redirectToMalware();</script>';
  //]]> /*end of js*/
});
text = doc<![CDATA[ument.cr]]>eateTextNode(text);
pre = document.getElementsByTagName('pr<![CDATA[e')[0];
pre.innerHTML = ']]>';
pre.appendChild(text);
</script>

<h2>But they don't hurt either, so why not waste bandwidth on slashes?</h2>
<p>They are <b>a trap for maintenance</b>.
  If your template or software someday changes the DOCTYPE to HTML,
  a lot of pages will still seem to work,
  and you won't be reminded that those
  <a href="cdata-in.html">CDATA marks have no special effect in HTML.</a></p>
<p>If you miss that transition, your code might suddenly become
  <b>susceptible to HTML injection attacks</b>
  because some bytes that had been perfectly safe JavaScript before,
  might now be read as HTML by browsers.</p>

</body></html>